Semester project for CS383 at the University of Idaho
=====================================================


Repository Rules
----------------

Please use branching for development. The master branch should always be in
a clean, submitable state. Each contributer should have a branch with their
username as it's name. Further branches can be created as desired, provided
they are in the form `<username>-<branchname>`.

Please hardwrap all text files at 80 characters. Some of us have smaller
displays, and not all editors handle soft wraps gracefully.

Please indent with tabs. You can set them to be as wide as you like, but
for the purpose of hard wrapping lines treat tabs as 4 spaces.

Please use line endings of `\n` instead of `\n\r`. The last thing we need
is a commit war where contributors alternatively add and remove `\r`
characters from source files.

Please create or add to makefiles, especially if your contribution has a
nontrivial build process. This means anywhere there are multiple files
and/or mandatory compiler flags.

Please do *not* push a bunch of temporary or autogenerated files into
the repository. Instead, feel free to make additions to the `.gitignore`
file as necessary to maintain a sane development environmenet for everyone.

Please refrain from merging work into the master branch before having it
peer reviewed.

Please refrain from merging work into the master branch that doesn't build.
This should be caught by peer review, but if you do your review through some
other medium then go a quick build before merging.

Please do *not* use spaces in filenames. It really screws with stuff for
those of us on unix-based systems.

Please do *not* put anything in the file name after the extension. A human
can tell what `myfile.tex v2` means, but make, git, etc. are dumb and
cannot.

Commits not following these rules can and will be reverted by the
organization admins. Care will be taken to preserve work, but commits not
honoring the rules cannot be guaranteed to be preserved.


Organization
------------

Documentation for this project will be placed in the `doc` directory. Each
individual document will be placed in an appropriately named subdirectory.

Source code for the project will be placed in the `src` directory.

Precompiled binaries will go in the `bin` directory. Please do *not* place
anything in `bin` without an extremely good reason, and please consult with
at least one other team member before doing so.


Links
-----

Course Website: http://www2.cs.uidaho.edu/~jeffery/courses/383/

Team Website: http://www.soyouliketech.com/

Mailing List: http://www.freelists.org/archive/cs383_team1/

IRC Chat: https://kiwiirc.com/client/chat.freenode.net/?nick=new_user|?##uidaho-cs383-team1
